NAME                                                                          VERSION                                            TYPE         
@colors/colors                                                                1.5.0                                              npm           
@isaacs/cliui                                                                 8.0.2                                              npm           
@isaacs/string-locale-compare                                                 1.1.0                                              npm           
@npmcli/arborist                                                              6.3.0                                              npm           
@npmcli/config                                                                6.2.1                                              npm           
@npmcli/disparity-colors                                                      3.0.0                                              npm           
@npmcli/fs                                                                    3.1.0                                              npm           
@npmcli/git                                                                   4.1.0                                              npm           
@npmcli/installed-package-contents                                            2.0.2                                              npm           
@npmcli/map-workspaces                                                        3.0.4                                              npm           
@npmcli/metavuln-calculator                                                   5.0.1                                              npm           
@npmcli/name-from-folder                                                      2.0.0                                              npm           
@npmcli/node-gyp                                                              3.0.0                                              npm           
@npmcli/package-json                                                          4.0.1                                              npm           
@npmcli/promise-spawn                                                         6.0.2                                              npm           
@npmcli/query                                                                 3.0.0                                              npm           
@npmcli/run-script                                                            6.0.2                                              npm           
@pkgjs/parseargs                                                              0.11.0                                             npm           
@sigstore/protobuf-specs                                                      0.1.0                                              npm           
@sigstore/tuf                                                                 1.0.2                                              npm           
@tootallnate/once                                                             2.0.0                                              npm           
@tufjs/canonical-json                                                         1.0.0                                              npm           
@tufjs/models                                                                 1.0.4                                              npm           
CacheControl                                                                  0.13.1                                             python        
SecretStorage                                                                 3.3.3                                              python        
Simple Launcher Executable                                                    1.1.0.14                                           dotnet        
abbrev                                                                        1.1.1                                              npm           
abbrev                                                                        2.0.0                                              npm           
abort-controller                                                              3.0.0                                              npm           
acl                                                                           2.3.1-3                                            alpm          
adobe-source-code-pro-fonts                                                   2.042u+1.062i+1.026vf-1                            alpm          
adwaita-cursors                                                               44.0-1                                             alpm          
adwaita-icon-theme                                                            44.0-1                                             alpm          
agent-base                                                                    6.0.2                                              npm           
agentkeepalive                                                                4.3.0                                              npm           
aggregate-error                                                               3.1.0                                              npm           
alsa-lib                                                                      1.2.9-1                                            alpm          
alsa-topology-conf                                                            1.2.5.1-3                                          alpm          
alsa-ucm-conf                                                                 1.2.9-1                                            alpm          
ansi-regex                                                                    5.0.1                                              npm           
ansi-regex                                                                    6.0.1                                              npm           
ansi-styles                                                                   4.3.0                                              npm           
ansi-styles                                                                   6.2.1                                              npm           
aom                                                                           3.6.1-1                                            alpm          
aproba                                                                        2.0.0                                              npm           
archlinux-keyring                                                             20230704-1                                         alpm          
archy                                                                         1.0.0                                              npm           
are-we-there-yet                                                              3.0.1                                              npm           
are-we-there-yet                                                              4.0.0                                              npm           
argon2                                                                        20190702-5                                         alpm          
at-spi2-core                                                                  2.48.3-2                                           alpm          
attr                                                                          2.5.1-3                                            alpm          
attrs                                                                         22.2.0                                             python        
audit                                                                         3.1.1-1                                            alpm          
avahi                                                                         1:0.8+r22+gfd482a7-1                               alpm          
balanced-match                                                                1.0.2                                              npm           
base                                                                          3-1                                                alpm          
base64-js                                                                     1.5.1                                              npm           
bash                                                                          5.1.016-4                                          alpm          
bin-links                                                                     4.0.2                                              npm           
binary-extensions                                                             2.2.0                                              npm           
binutils                                                                      2.41-3                                             alpm          
brace-expansion                                                               1.1.11                                             npm           
brace-expansion                                                               2.0.1                                              npm           
bridge-utils                                                                  1.7.1-1                                            alpm          
brotli                                                                        1.0.9-12                                           alpm          
buffer                                                                        6.0.3                                              npm           
build                                                                         0.10.0                                             python        
builtins                                                                      5.0.1                                              npm           
bzip2                                                                         1.0.8-5                                            alpm          
c-ares                                                                        1.19.1-1                                           alpm          
ca-certificates                                                               20220905-1                                         alpm          
ca-certificates-mozilla                                                       3.92-1                                             alpm          
ca-certificates-utils                                                         20220905-1                                         alpm          
cacache                                                                       17.1.3                                             npm           
cachy                                                                         0.3.0                                              python        
cairo                                                                         1.17.8-2                                           alpm          
cantarell-fonts                                                               1:0.303.1-1                                        alpm          
capstone                                                                      4.0.2-7                                            alpm          
cffi                                                                          1.15.1                                             python        
cfitsio                                                                       1:4.3.0-1                                          alpm          
chalk                                                                         5.3.0                                              npm           
chardet                                                                       5.2.0                                              python        
chownr                                                                        2.0.0                                              npm           
chromium                                                                      115.0.5790.170-1                                   alpm          
ci-info                                                                       3.8.0                                              npm           
cidr-regex                                                                    3.1.1                                              npm           
clean-stack                                                                   2.2.0                                              npm           
cleo                                                                          2.0.1                                              python        
cli-columns                                                                   4.0.0                                              npm           
cli-table3                                                                    0.6.3                                              npm           
clone                                                                         1.0.4                                              npm           
cmd-shim                                                                      6.0.1                                              npm           
color-convert                                                                 2.0.1                                              npm           
color-name                                                                    1.1.4                                              npm           
color-support                                                                 1.1.3                                              npm           
columnify                                                                     1.6.0                                              npm           
command-line-arguments                                                        (devel)                                            go-module     
common-ancestor-path                                                          1.0.1                                              npm           
composer                                                                      2.5.8-1                                            alpm          
concat-map                                                                    0.0.1                                              npm           
console-control-strings                                                       1.1.0                                              npm           
containerd                                                                    1.7.2-1                                            alpm          
corepack                                                                      0.19.0                                             npm           
coreutils                                                                     9.3-1                                              alpm          
crashtest                                                                     0.4.1                                              python        
cross-spawn                                                                   7.0.3                                              npm           
cryptography                                                                  41.0.2                                             python        
cryptsetup                                                                    2.6.1-3                                            alpm          
cssesc                                                                        3.0.0                                              npm           
curl                                                                          8.2.1-1                                            alpm          
dav1d                                                                         1.2.1-1                                            alpm          
db                                                                            6.2.32-1                                           alpm          
db5.3                                                                         5.3.28-2                                           alpm          
dbus                                                                          1.14.8-1                                           alpm          
dconf                                                                         0.40.0-2                                           alpm          
debug                                                                         4.3.4                                              npm           
default-cursors                                                               2-1                                                alpm          
defaults                                                                      1.0.4                                              npm           
delegates                                                                     1.0.0                                              npm           
depd                                                                          2.0.0                                              npm           
desktop-file-utils                                                            0.26-2                                             alpm          
device-mapper                                                                 2.03.22-1                                          alpm          
diff                                                                          5.1.0                                              npm           
distlib                                                                       0.3.6                                              python        
dnssec-anchors                                                                20190629-3                                         alpm          
docker                                                                        1:24.0.5-1                                         alpm          
docker-buildx                                                                 0.11.0-1                                           alpm          
dtc                                                                           1.7.0-4                                            alpm          
duktape                                                                       2.7.0-6                                            alpm          
dulwich                                                                       0.21.5                                             python        
e2fsprogs                                                                     1.47.0-1                                           alpm          
eastasianwidth                                                                0.2.0                                              npm           
edk2-ovmf                                                                     202305-1                                           alpm          
emoji-regex                                                                   8.0.0                                              npm           
emoji-regex                                                                   9.2.2                                              npm           
encoding                                                                      0.1.13                                             npm           
env-paths                                                                     2.2.1                                              npm           
err-code                                                                      2.0.3                                              npm           
event-target-shim                                                             5.0.1                                              npm           
events                                                                        3.3.0                                              npm           
expat                                                                         2.5.0-1                                            alpm          
exponential-backoff                                                           3.1.1                                              npm           
fastest-levenshtein                                                           1.0.16                                             npm           
ffmpeg                                                                        2:6.0-8                                            alpm          
fftw                                                                          3.3.10-4                                           alpm          
file                                                                          5.44-3                                             alpm          
filelock                                                                      3.12.2                                             python        
filesystem                                                                    2023.01.31-1                                       alpm          
findutils                                                                     4.9.0-3                                            alpm          
flac                                                                          1.4.3-1                                            alpm          
fontconfig                                                                    2:2.14.2-1                                         alpm          
foreground-child                                                              3.1.1                                              npm           
freetype2                                                                     2.13.1-1                                           alpm          
fribidi                                                                       1.0.13-2                                           alpm          
fs-minipass                                                                   2.1.0                                              npm           
fs-minipass                                                                   3.0.2                                              npm           
fs.realpath                                                                   1.0.0                                              npm           
function-bind                                                                 1.1.1                                              npm           
fuse-common                                                                   3.16.1-1                                           alpm          
fuse3                                                                         3.16.1-1                                           alpm          
gauge                                                                         4.0.4                                              npm           
gauge                                                                         5.0.1                                              npm           
gawk                                                                          5.2.2-1                                            alpm          
gcc                                                                           13.2.1-3                                           alpm          
gcc-libs                                                                      13.2.1-3                                           alpm          
gdbm                                                                          1.23-2                                             alpm          
gdk-pixbuf2                                                                   2.42.10-2                                          alpm          
gettext                                                                       0.22-1                                             alpm          
giflib                                                                        5.2.1-2                                            alpm          
git                                                                           2.41.0-2                                           alpm          
github.com/Masterminds/semver/v3                                              v3.2.1                                             go-module     
github.com/Microsoft/hcsshim                                                  v0.10.0-rc.8                                       go-module     
github.com/agext/levenshtein                                                  v1.2.3                                             go-module     
github.com/agl/ed25519                                                        v0.0.0-20170116200512-5312a6153412                 go-module     
github.com/apparentlymart/go-cidr                                             v1.0.1                                             go-module     
github.com/apparentlymart/go-textseg/v12                                      v12.0.0                                            go-module     
github.com/apparentlymart/go-textseg/v13                                      v13.0.0                                            go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2                                                  v1.17.6                                            go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/config                                           v1.18.16                                           go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/credentials                                      v1.13.16                                           go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/feature/ec2/imds                                 v1.12.24                                           go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/internal/configsources                           v1.1.30                                            go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/internal/endpoints/v2                            v2.4.24                                            go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/internal/ini                                     v1.3.31                                            go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/internal/presigned-url                   v1.9.24                                            go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/sso                                      v1.12.5                                            go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/ssooidc                                  v1.14.5                                            go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/sts                                      v1.18.6                                            go-module     
github.com/aws/smithy-go                                                      v1.13.5                                            go-module     
github.com/beorn7/perks                                                       v1.0.1                                             go-module     
github.com/blang/semver/v4                                                    v4.0.0                                             go-module     
github.com/cenkalti/backoff/v4                                                v4.2.0                                             go-module     
github.com/cespare/xxhash/v2                                                  v2.2.0                                             go-module     
github.com/checkpoint-restore/go-criu/v5                                      v5.3.0                                             go-module     
github.com/cilium/ebpf                                                        v0.7.0                                             go-module     
github.com/cilium/ebpf                                                        v0.9.1                                             go-module     
github.com/compose-spec/compose-go                                            v1.14.0                                            go-module     
github.com/container-orchestrated-devices/container-device-interface          v0.5.4                                             go-module     
github.com/containerd/aufs                                                    v1.0.0                                             go-module     
github.com/containerd/btrfs/v2                                                v2.0.0                                             go-module     
github.com/containerd/cgroups                                                 v1.1.0                                             go-module     
github.com/containerd/cgroups/v3                                              v3.0.1                                             go-module     
github.com/containerd/console                                                 v1.0.3                                             go-module     
github.com/containerd/containerd                                              v0.0.0-20230602230040-0cae528dd6cb                 go-module     
github.com/containerd/containerd                                              v1.7.2                                             go-module     
github.com/containerd/continuity                                              v0.4.1                                             go-module     
github.com/containerd/fifo                                                    v1.1.0                                             go-module     
github.com/containerd/go-cni                                                  v1.1.9                                             go-module     
github.com/containerd/go-runc                                                 v1.0.0                                             go-module     
github.com/containerd/imgcrypt                                                v1.1.7                                             go-module     
github.com/containerd/nri                                                     v0.3.0                                             go-module     
github.com/containerd/ttrpc                                                   v1.2.2                                             go-module     
github.com/containerd/typeurl                                                 v1.0.2                                             go-module     
github.com/containerd/typeurl/v2                                              v2.1.1                                             go-module     
github.com/containerd/zfs                                                     v1.0.0                                             go-module     
github.com/containernetworking/cni                                            v1.1.2                                             go-module     
github.com/containernetworking/plugins                                        v1.2.0                                             go-module     
github.com/containers/ocicrypt                                                v1.1.6                                             go-module     
github.com/coreos/go-systemd/v22                                              v22.3.2                                            go-module     
github.com/coreos/go-systemd/v22                                              v22.5.0                                            go-module     
github.com/cpuguy83/go-md2man/v2                                              v2.0.0-20190314233015-f79a8a8ca69d                 go-module     
github.com/cyphar/filepath-securejoin                                         v0.2.3                                             go-module     
github.com/davecgh/go-spew                                                    v1.1.1                                             go-module     
github.com/distribution/distribution/v3                                       v3.0.0-20230214150026-36d8c594d7aa                 go-module     
github.com/docker/buildx                                                      v0.0.0-20230613094222-687feca9e8dc                 go-module     
github.com/docker/cli                                                         v24.0.2+incompatible                               go-module     
github.com/docker/cli-docs-tool                                               v0.5.1                                             go-module     
github.com/docker/cli/cmd/docker                                              (devel)                                            go-module     
github.com/docker/distribution                                                v2.8.2+incompatible                                go-module     
github.com/docker/docker                                                      v24.0.2+incompatible                               go-module     
github.com/docker/docker-credential-helpers                                   v0.7.0                                             go-module     
github.com/docker/docker/cmd/docker-proxy                                     (devel)                                            go-module     
github.com/docker/docker/cmd/dockerd                                          (devel)                                            go-module     
github.com/docker/go                                                          v1.5.1-1.0.20160303222718-d30aec9fd63c             go-module     
github.com/docker/go-connections                                              v0.4.0                                             go-module     
github.com/docker/go-events                                                   v0.0.0-20190806004212-e31b211e4f1c                 go-module     
github.com/docker/go-metrics                                                  v0.0.1                                             go-module     
github.com/docker/go-units                                                    v0.4.0                                             go-module     
github.com/docker/go-units                                                    v0.5.0                                             go-module     
github.com/emicklei/go-restful/v3                                             v3.10.1                                            go-module     
github.com/felixge/httpsnoop                                                  v1.0.3                                             go-module     
github.com/fsnotify/fsnotify                                                  v1.6.0                                             go-module     
github.com/fvbommel/sortorder                                                 v1.0.1                                             go-module     
github.com/go-logr/logr                                                       v1.2.3                                             go-module     
github.com/go-logr/stdr                                                       v1.2.2                                             go-module     
github.com/go-openapi/jsonpointer                                             v0.19.5                                            go-module     
github.com/go-openapi/jsonreference                                           v0.20.0                                            go-module     
github.com/go-openapi/swag                                                    v0.19.14                                           go-module     
github.com/godbus/dbus/v5                                                     v5.0.6                                             go-module     
github.com/godbus/dbus/v5                                                     v5.1.0                                             go-module     
github.com/gofrs/flock                                                        v0.8.1                                             go-module     
github.com/gogo/googleapis                                                    v1.4.1                                             go-module     
github.com/gogo/protobuf                                                      v1.3.2                                             go-module     
github.com/golang/protobuf                                                    v1.5.3                                             go-module     
github.com/google/gnostic                                                     v0.5.7-v3refs                                      go-module     
github.com/google/go-cmp                                                      v0.5.9                                             go-module     
github.com/google/gofuzz                                                      v1.2.0                                             go-module     
github.com/google/shlex                                                       v0.0.0-20191202100458-e7afc7fbc510                 go-module     
github.com/google/uuid                                                        v1.3.0                                             go-module     
github.com/gorilla/mux                                                        v1.8.0                                             go-module     
github.com/grpc-ecosystem/go-grpc-middleware                                  v1.3.0                                             go-module     
github.com/grpc-ecosystem/go-grpc-prometheus                                  v1.2.0                                             go-module     
github.com/grpc-ecosystem/grpc-gateway/v2                                     v2.11.3                                            go-module     
github.com/grpc-ecosystem/grpc-gateway/v2                                     v2.7.0                                             go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/errwrap                                                  v1.1.0                                             go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/go-cty-funcs                                             v0.0.0-20200930094925-2721b1e36840                 go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/go-multierror                                            v1.1.1                                             go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/hcl/v2                                                   v2.8.2                                             go-module     
github.com/imdario/mergo                                                      v0.3.13                                            go-module     
github.com/imdario/mergo                                                      v0.3.15                                            go-module     
github.com/in-toto/in-toto-golang                                             v0.5.0                                             go-module     
github.com/intel/goresctrl                                                    v0.3.0                                             go-module     
github.com/josharian/intern                                                   v1.0.0                                             go-module     
github.com/json-iterator/go                                                   v1.1.12                                            go-module     
github.com/klauspost/compress                                                 v1.16.0                                            go-module     
github.com/klauspost/compress                                                 v1.16.3                                            go-module     
github.com/klauspost/cpuid/v2                                                 v2.0.4                                             go-module     
github.com/mailru/easyjson                                                    v0.7.6                                             go-module     
github.com/mattn/go-shellwords                                                v1.0.12                                            go-module     
github.com/matttproud/golang_protobuf_extensions                              v1.0.4                                             go-module     
github.com/miekg/pkcs11                                                       v1.1.1                                             go-module     
github.com/minio/sha256-simd                                                  v1.0.0                                             go-module     
github.com/mistifyio/go-zfs                                                   v2.1.2-0.20190413222219-f784269be439+incompatible  go-module     
github.com/mitchellh/go-wordwrap                                              v0.0.0-20150314170334-ad45545899c7                 go-module     
github.com/mitchellh/mapstructure                                             v1.5.0                                             go-module     
github.com/moby/buildkit                                                      v0.11.0-rc3.0.20230609092854-67a08623b95a          go-module     
github.com/moby/locker                                                        v1.0.1                                             go-module     
github.com/moby/patternmatcher                                                v0.5.0                                             go-module     
github.com/moby/spdystream                                                    v0.2.0                                             go-module     
github.com/moby/sys/mountinfo                                                 v0.5.0                                             go-module     
github.com/moby/sys/mountinfo                                                 v0.6.2                                             go-module     
github.com/moby/sys/sequential                                                v0.5.0                                             go-module     
github.com/moby/sys/signal                                                    v0.7.0                                             go-module     
github.com/moby/sys/symlink                                                   v0.2.0                                             go-module     
github.com/moby/term                                                          v0.5.0                                             go-module     
github.com/modern-go/concurrent                                               v0.0.0-20180306012644-bacd9c7ef1dd                 go-module     
github.com/modern-go/reflect2                                                 v1.0.2                                             go-module     
github.com/morikuni/aec                                                       v1.0.0                                             go-module     
github.com/mrunalp/fileutils                                                  v0.5.0                                             go-module     
github.com/munnerz/goautoneg                                                  v0.0.0-20191010083416-a7dc8b61c822                 go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/go-digest                                           v1.0.0                                             go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/image-spec                                          v1.1.0-rc2.0.20221005185240-3a7f492d3f1b           go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/image-spec                                          v1.1.0-rc3                                         go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/runc                                                (devel)                                            go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/runc                                                v1.1.5                                             go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/runc                                                v1.1.7                                             go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec                                        v1.0.3-0.20210326190908-1c3f411f0417               go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec                                        v1.1.0-rc.1                                        go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/runtime-tools                                       v0.9.1-0.20221107090550-2e043c6bd626               go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/selinux                                             v1.10.0                                            go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/selinux                                             v1.11.0                                            go-module     
github.com/pelletier/go-toml                                                  v1.9.5                                             go-module     
github.com/pkg/errors                                                         v0.9.1                                             go-module     
github.com/pmezard/go-difflib                                                 v1.0.0                                             go-module     
github.com/prometheus/client_golang                                           v1.14.0                                            go-module     
github.com/prometheus/client_model                                            v0.3.0                                             go-module     
github.com/prometheus/common                                                  v0.37.0                                            go-module     
github.com/prometheus/common                                                  v0.42.0                                            go-module     
github.com/prometheus/procfs                                                  v0.8.0                                             go-module     
github.com/prometheus/procfs                                                  v0.9.0                                             go-module     
github.com/russross/blackfriday/v2                                            v2.0.1                                             go-module     
github.com/seccomp/libseccomp-golang                                          v0.9.2-0.20220502022130-f33da4d89646               go-module     
github.com/secure-systems-lab/go-securesystemslib                             v0.4.0                                             go-module     
github.com/serialx/hashring                                                   v0.0.0-20190422032157-8b2912629002                 go-module     
github.com/shibumi/go-pathspec                                                v1.3.0                                             go-module     
github.com/shurcooL/sanitized_anchor_name                                     v1.0.0                                             go-module     
github.com/sirupsen/logrus                                                    v1.8.1                                             go-module     
github.com/sirupsen/logrus                                                    v1.9.0                                             go-module     
github.com/spf13/cobra                                                        v1.7.0                                             go-module     
github.com/spf13/pflag                                                        v1.0.5                                             go-module     
github.com/stefanberger/go-pkcs11uri                                          v0.0.0-20201008174630-78d3cae3a980                 go-module     
github.com/stretchr/testify                                                   v1.8.4                                             go-module     
github.com/syndtr/gocapability                                                v0.0.0-20200815063812-42c35b437635                 go-module     
github.com/tchap/go-patricia/v2                                               v2.3.1                                             go-module     
github.com/theupdateframework/notary                                          v0.6.1                                             go-module     
github.com/tonistiigi/fsutil                                                  v0.0.0-20230407161946-9e7a6df48576                 go-module     
github.com/tonistiigi/units                                                   v0.0.0-20180711220420-6950e57a87ea                 go-module     
github.com/tonistiigi/vt100                                                   v0.0.0-20210615222946-8066bb97264f                 go-module     
github.com/urfave/cli                                                         v1.22.1                                            go-module     
github.com/urfave/cli                                                         v1.22.12                                           go-module     
github.com/vishvananda/netlink                                                v1.1.0                                             go-module     
github.com/vishvananda/netlink                                                v1.2.1-beta.2                                      go-module     
github.com/vishvananda/netns                                                  v0.0.0-20191106174202-0a2b9b5464df                 go-module     
github.com/vishvananda/netns                                                  v0.0.0-20210104183010-2eb08e3e575f                 go-module     
github.com/xeipuuv/gojsonpointer                                              v0.0.0-20180127040702-4e3ac2762d5f                 go-module     
github.com/xeipuuv/gojsonreference                                            v0.0.0-20180127040603-bd5ef7bd5415                 go-module     
github.com/xeipuuv/gojsonschema                                               v1.2.0                                             go-module     
github.com/zclconf/go-cty                                                     v1.10.0                                            go-module     
glib-networking                                                               1:2.76.1-1                                         alpm          
glib2                                                                         2.76.4-1                                           alpm          
glibc                                                                         2.38-2                                             alpm          
glob                                                                          10.2.7                                             npm           
glob                                                                          7.2.3                                              npm           
gmp                                                                           6.3.0-1                                            alpm          
gnupg                                                                         2.2.41-1                                           alpm          
gnutls                                                                        3.8.0-1                                            alpm          
go.etcd.io/bbolt                                                              v1.3.7                                             go-module     
go.mozilla.org/pkcs7                                                          v0.0.0-20200128120323-432b2356ecb1                 go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/google.golang.org/grpc/otelgrpc   v0.40.0                                            go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/httptrace/otelhttptrace  v0.40.0                                            go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp                 v0.40.0                                            go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel                                                      v1.14.0                                            go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/internal/retry                        v1.14.0                                            go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace                             v1.14.0                                            go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracegrpc               v1.14.0                                            go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracehttp               v1.14.0                                            go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/metric                                               v0.37.0                                            go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk                                                  v1.14.0                                            go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/trace                                                v1.14.0                                            go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/proto/otlp                                                v0.19.0                                            go-module     
golang.org/x/crypto                                                           v0.1.0                                             go-module     
golang.org/x/crypto                                                           v0.2.0                                             go-module     
golang.org/x/mod                                                              v0.9.0                                             go-module     
golang.org/x/net                                                              v0.8.0                                             go-module     
golang.org/x/oauth2                                                           v0.4.0                                             go-module     
golang.org/x/oauth2                                                           v0.5.0                                             go-module     
golang.org/x/sync                                                             v0.1.0                                             go-module     
golang.org/x/sync                                                             v0.2.0                                             go-module     
golang.org/x/sys                                                              v0.6.0                                             go-module     
golang.org/x/sys                                                              v0.7.0                                             go-module     
golang.org/x/term                                                             v0.6.0                                             go-module     
golang.org/x/text                                                             v0.8.0                                             go-module     
golang.org/x/time                                                             v0.0.0-20220210224613-90d013bbcef8                 go-module     
golang.org/x/time                                                             v0.3.0                                             go-module     
google.golang.org/genproto                                                    v0.0.0-20230306155012-7f2fa6fef1f4                 go-module     
google.golang.org/grpc                                                        v1.53.0                                            go-module     
google.golang.org/protobuf                                                    v1.27.1                                            go-module     
google.golang.org/protobuf                                                    v1.29.1                                            go-module     
google.golang.org/protobuf                                                    v1.30.0                                            go-module     
gopkg.in/inf.v0                                                               v0.9.1                                             go-module     
gopkg.in/square/go-jose.v2                                                    v2.5.1                                             go-module     
gopkg.in/yaml.v2                                                              v2.4.0                                             go-module     
gopkg.in/yaml.v3                                                              v3.0.1                                             go-module     
gperftools                                                                    2.10-3                                             alpm          
gpgme                                                                         1.21.0-1                                           alpm          
graceful-fs                                                                   4.2.11                                             npm           
graphite                                                                      1:1.3.14-3                                         alpm          
grep                                                                          3.11-1                                             alpm          
gsettings-desktop-schemas                                                     44.0-1                                             alpm          
gsm                                                                           1.0.22-1                                           alpm          
gtk-update-icon-cache                                                         1:4.10.5-1                                         alpm          
gtk3                                                                          1:3.24.38-1                                        alpm          
gzip                                                                          1.12-2                                             alpm          
harfbuzz                                                                      8.1.1-1                                            alpm          
has                                                                           1.0.3                                              npm           
has-unicode                                                                   2.0.1                                              npm           
hicolor-icon-theme                                                            0.17-3                                             alpm          
hidapi                                                                        0.14.0-1                                           alpm          
highway                                                                       1.0.5-1                                            alpm          
hosted-git-info                                                               6.1.1                                              npm           
html5lib                                                                      1.1                                                python        
http-cache-semantics                                                          4.1.1                                              npm           
http-proxy-agent                                                              5.0.0                                              npm           
https-proxy-agent                                                             5.0.1                                              npm           
humanize-ms                                                                   1.2.1                                              npm           
hwdata                                                                        0.372-1                                            alpm          
hwloc                                                                         2.9.1-1                                            alpm          
iana-etc                                                                      20230629-1                                         alpm          
iconv-lite                                                                    0.6.3                                              npm           
icu                                                                           73.2-2                                             alpm          
idna                                                                          3.4                                                python        
ieee754                                                                       1.2.1                                              npm           
ignore-walk                                                                   6.0.3                                              npm           
imath                                                                         3.1.9-1                                            alpm          
importlib-metadata                                                            5.0.0                                              python        
imurmurhash                                                                   0.1.4                                              npm           
indent-string                                                                 4.0.0                                              npm           
inflight                                                                      1.0.6                                              npm           
inherits                                                                      2.0.4                                              npm           
ini                                                                           4.1.1                                              npm           
iniparser                                                                     4.1-4                                              alpm          
init-package-json                                                             5.0.0                                              npm           
installer                                                                     0.7.0                                              python        
ip                                                                            2.0.0                                              npm           
ip-regex                                                                      4.3.0                                              npm           
iproute2                                                                      6.4.0-1                                            alpm          
iptables                                                                      1:1.8.9-1                                          alpm          
iputils                                                                       20221126-2                                         alpm          
is-cidr                                                                       4.0.2                                              npm           
is-core-module                                                                2.12.1                                             npm           
is-fullwidth-code-point                                                       3.0.0                                              npm           
is-lambda                                                                     1.0.1                                              npm           
isexe                                                                         2.0.0                                              npm           
iso-codes                                                                     4.15.0-1                                           alpm          
jack2                                                                         1.9.22-1                                           alpm          
jackspeak                                                                     2.2.1                                              npm           
jansson                                                                       2.14-2                                             alpm          
jaraco.classes                                                                3.3.0                                              python        
jeepney                                                                       0.8.0                                              python        
jpegxl                                                                                                                           java-archive  
jq                                                                            1.6-4                                              alpm          
js                                                                            1.0.0                                              npm           
json-c                                                                        0.16-1                                             alpm          
json-glib                                                                     1.6.6-2                                            alpm          
json-parse-even-better-errors                                                 3.0.0                                              npm           
json-stringify-nice                                                           1.1.4                                              npm           
jsoncpp                                                                       1.9.5-2                                            alpm          
jsonparse                                                                     1.3.1                                              npm           
jsonschema                                                                    4.18.4                                             python        
jsonschema-specifications                                                     2023.7.1                                           python        
just-diff                                                                     6.0.2                                              npm           
just-diff-apply                                                               5.5.0                                              npm           
k8s.io/api                                                                    v0.26.2                                            go-module     
k8s.io/apimachinery                                                           v0.26.2                                            go-module     
k8s.io/apiserver                                                              v0.26.2                                            go-module     
k8s.io/client-go                                                              v0.26.2                                            go-module     
k8s.io/component-base                                                         v0.26.2                                            go-module     
k8s.io/cri-api                                                                v0.27.1                                            go-module     
k8s.io/klog/v2                                                                v2.90.1                                            go-module     
k8s.io/kube-openapi                                                           v0.0.0-20221012153701-172d655c2280                 go-module     
k8s.io/utils                                                                  v0.0.0-20230220204549-a5ecb0141aa5                 go-module     
kbd                                                                           2.6.1-1                                            alpm          
kernel.org/pub/linux/libs/security/libcap/cap                                 v1.2.69                                            go-module     
kernel.org/pub/linux/libs/security/libcap/psx                                 v1.2.69                                            go-module     
keyring                                                                       24.2.0                                             python        
keyutils                                                                      1.6.3-2                                            alpm          
kmod                                                                          30-3                                               alpm          
krb5                                                                          1.20.1-1                                           alpm          
l-smash                                                                       2.14.5-3                                           alpm          
lame                                                                          3.100-4                                            alpm          
lark                                                                          1.1.5                                              python        
lcms2                                                                         2.15-1                                             alpm          
ldns                                                                          1.8.3-2                                            alpm          
less                                                                          1:633-1                                            alpm          
libaio                                                                        0.3.113-2                                          alpm          
libarchive                                                                    3.7.1-1                                            alpm          
libass                                                                        0.17.1-1                                           alpm          
libassuan                                                                     2.5.6-1                                            alpm          
libasyncns                                                                    1:0.8+r3+g68cd5af-2                                alpm          
libavc1394                                                                    0.5.4-6                                            alpm          
libbluray                                                                     1.3.4-1                                            alpm          
libbluray-awt-j2se                                                            1.3.4                                              java-archive  
libbluray-j2se                                                                1.3.4                                              java-archive  
libbpf                                                                        1.2.2-1                                            alpm          
libbs2b                                                                       3.1.0-8                                            alpm          
libcacard                                                                     2.7.0-2                                            alpm          
libcap                                                                        2.69-1                                             alpm          
libcap-ng                                                                     0.8.3-2                                            alpm          
libcgif                                                                       0.3.2-1                                            alpm          
libcloudproviders                                                             0.3.1+r8+g3a229ee-1                                alpm          
libcolord                                                                     1.4.6-1                                            alpm          
libcups                                                                       1:2.4.6-1                                          alpm          
libdaemon                                                                     0.14-5                                             alpm          
libdatrie                                                                     0.2.13-4                                           alpm          
libdrm                                                                        2.4.115-1                                          alpm          
libedit                                                                       20221030_3.1-1                                     alpm          
libelf                                                                        0.189-3                                            alpm          
libepoxy                                                                      1.5.10-2                                           alpm          
libevent                                                                      2.1.12-4                                           alpm          
libexif                                                                       0.6.24-2                                           alpm          
libfdt                                                                        1.7.0                                              python        
libffi                                                                        3.4.4-1                                            alpm          
libgcrypt                                                                     1.10.2-1                                           alpm          
libglvnd                                                                      1.6.0-1                                            alpm          
libgpg-error                                                                  1.47-1                                             alpm          
libgsf                                                                        1.14.50-1                                          alpm          
libice                                                                        1.1.1-2                                            alpm          
libidn2                                                                       2.3.4-3                                            alpm          
libiec61883                                                                   1.2.0-7                                            alpm          
libimagequant                                                                 4.2.0-1                                            alpm          
libisl                                                                        0.26-1                                             alpm          
libjpeg-turbo                                                                 3.0.0-1                                            alpm          
libjxl                                                                        0.8.2-1                                            alpm          
libksba                                                                       1.6.4-1                                            alpm          
libldap                                                                       2.6.6-1                                            alpm          
libmfx                                                                        23.2.2-2                                           alpm          
libmnl                                                                        1.0.5-1                                            alpm          
libmodplug                                                                    0.8.9.0-5                                          alpm          
libmpc                                                                        1.3.1-1                                            alpm          
libnetfilter_conntrack                                                        1.0.9-1                                            alpm          
libnfnetlink                                                                  1.0.2-1                                            alpm          
libnfs                                                                        5.0.2-1                                            alpm          
libnftnl                                                                      1.2.5-1                                            alpm          
libnghttp2                                                                    1.55.1-1                                           alpm          
libnl                                                                         3.7.0-3                                            alpm          
libnpmaccess                                                                  7.0.2                                              npm           
libnpmdiff                                                                    5.0.19                                             npm           
libnpmexec                                                                    6.0.3                                              npm           
libnpmfund                                                                    4.0.19                                             npm           
libnpmhook                                                                    9.0.3                                              npm           
libnpmorg                                                                     5.0.4                                              npm           
libnpmpack                                                                    5.0.19                                             npm           
libnpmpublish                                                                 7.5.0                                              npm           
libnpmsearch                                                                  6.0.2                                              npm           
libnpmteam                                                                    5.0.3                                              npm           
libnpmversion                                                                 4.0.2                                              npm           
libnsl                                                                        2.0.0-3                                            alpm          
libogg                                                                        1.3.5-1                                            alpm          
libomxil-bellagio                                                             0.9.3-4                                            alpm          
libopenmpt                                                                    0.7.2-1                                            alpm          
libp11-kit                                                                    0.25.0-1                                           alpm          
libpcap                                                                       1.10.4-1                                           alpm          
libpciaccess                                                                  0.17-1                                             alpm          
libpng                                                                        1.6.40-2                                           alpm          
libproxy                                                                      0.5.3-2                                            alpm          
libpsl                                                                        0.21.2-1                                           alpm          
libpulse                                                                      16.1-6                                             alpm          
libraw1394                                                                    2.1.2-3                                            alpm          
librsvg                                                                       2:2.56.3-1                                         alpm          
libsamplerate                                                                 0.2.2-2                                            alpm          
libsasl                                                                       2.1.28-4                                           alpm          
libseccomp                                                                    2.5.4-2                                            alpm          
libsecret                                                                     0.20.5-2                                           alpm          
libslirp                                                                      4.7.0-1                                            alpm          
libsm                                                                         1.2.4-1                                            alpm          
libsndfile                                                                    1.2.0-1                                            alpm          
libsoup3                                                                      3.4.2-1                                            alpm          
libsoxr                                                                       0.1.3-3                                            alpm          
libssh                                                                        0.10.5-1                                           alpm          
libssh2                                                                       1.11.0-1                                           alpm          
libstemmer                                                                    2.2.0-2                                            alpm          
libsysprof-capture                                                            3.48.0-4                                           alpm          
libtasn1                                                                      4.19.0-1                                           alpm          
libthai                                                                       0.1.29-3                                           alpm          
libtheora                                                                     1.1.1-6                                            alpm          
libtiff                                                                       4.5.1-1                                            alpm          
libtirpc                                                                      1.3.3-2                                            alpm          
libtool                                                                       2.4.7+4+g1ec8fa28-6                                alpm          
libtraceevent                                                                 1:1.7.3-1                                          alpm          
libtracefs                                                                    1.7.0-1                                            alpm          
libunistring                                                                  1.1-2                                              alpm          
libunwind                                                                     1.6.2-2                                            alpm          
liburcu                                                                       0.14.0-1                                           alpm          
liburing                                                                      2.4-1                                              alpm          
libusb                                                                        1.0.26-2                                           alpm          
libutempter                                                                   1.2.1-3                                            alpm          
libuv                                                                         1.46.0-1                                           alpm          
libva                                                                         2.19.0-1                                           alpm          
libvdpau                                                                      1.5-1                                              alpm          
libverto                                                                      0.3.2-4                                            alpm          
libvips                                                                       8.14.2-1                                           alpm          
libvorbis                                                                     1.3.7-3                                            alpm          
libvpx                                                                        1.13.0-1                                           alpm          
libwebp                                                                       1.3.1-1                                            alpm          
libx11                                                                        1.8.6-1                                            alpm          
libxau                                                                        1.0.11-2                                           alpm          
libxcb                                                                        1.15-2                                             alpm          
libxcomposite                                                                 0.4.6-1                                            alpm          
libxcrypt                                                                     4.4.36-1                                           alpm          
libxcursor                                                                    1.2.1-3                                            alpm          
libxdamage                                                                    1.1.6-1                                            alpm          
libxdmcp                                                                      1.1.4-2                                            alpm          
libxext                                                                       1.3.5-1                                            alpm          
libxfixes                                                                     6.0.1-1                                            alpm          
libxft                                                                        2.3.8-1                                            alpm          
libxi                                                                         1.8.1-1                                            alpm          
libxinerama                                                                   1.1.5-1                                            alpm          
libxkbcommon                                                                  1.5.0-1                                            alpm          
libxml2                                                                       2.11.4-1                                           alpm          
libxmu                                                                        1.1.4-1                                            alpm          
libxrandr                                                                     1.5.3-1                                            alpm          
libxrender                                                                    0.9.11-1                                           alpm          
libxshmfence                                                                  1.3.2-1                                            alpm          
libxslt                                                                       1.1.38-1                                           alpm          
libxss                                                                        1.2.3-4                                            alpm          
libxt                                                                         1.3.0-1                                            alpm          
libxtst                                                                       1.2.4-1                                            alpm          
libxv                                                                         1.0.12-1                                           alpm          
libxxf86vm                                                                    1.1.5-1                                            alpm          
libyaml                                                                       0.2.5-2                                            alpm          
libzip                                                                        1.10.0-1                                           alpm          
licenses                                                                      20230729-1                                         alpm          
linux-api-headers                                                             6.4-1                                              alpm          
llvm-libs                                                                     15.0.7-3                                           alpm          
lm_sensors                                                                    1:3.6.0.r41.g31d1f125-2                            alpm          
lockfile                                                                      0.12.2                                             python        
lru-cache                                                                     6.0.0                                              npm           
lru-cache                                                                     7.18.3                                             npm           
lru-cache                                                                     9.1.1                                              npm           
lru-cache                                                                     9.1.2                                              npm           
lz4                                                                           1:1.9.4-1                                          alpm          
lzo                                                                           2.10-5                                             alpm          
make-fetch-happen                                                             11.1.1                                             npm           
mariadb-libs                                                                  11.0.2-2                                           alpm          
mesa                                                                          1:23.1.5-1                                         alpm          
minimatch                                                                     3.1.2                                              npm           
minimatch                                                                     9.0.1                                              npm           
minimatch                                                                     9.0.3                                              npm           
minipass                                                                      3.3.6                                              npm           
minipass                                                                      5.0.0                                              npm           
minipass-collect                                                              1.0.2                                              npm           
minipass-fetch                                                                3.0.3                                              npm           
minipass-flush                                                                1.0.5                                              npm           
minipass-json-stream                                                          1.0.1                                              npm           
minipass-pipeline                                                             1.2.4                                              npm           
minipass-sized                                                                1.0.3                                              npm           
minizip                                                                       1:1.2.13-3                                         alpm          
minizlib                                                                      2.1.2                                              npm           
mkdirp                                                                        1.0.4                                              npm           
more-itertools                                                                10.0.0                                             python        
mpfr                                                                          4.2.0.p12-3                                        alpm          
mpg123                                                                        1.31.3-1                                           alpm          
ms                                                                            2.1.2                                              npm           
ms                                                                            2.1.3                                              npm           
msgpack                                                                       1.0.5                                              python        
multipath-tools                                                               0.9.5-1                                            alpm          
mute-stream                                                                   1.0.0                                              npm           
ncurses                                                                       6.4_20230520-1                                     alpm          
ndctl                                                                         76.1-1                                             alpm          
negotiator                                                                    0.6.3                                              npm           
nettle                                                                        3.9.1-1                                            alpm          
node-gyp                                                                      9.4.0                                              npm           
node-gyp                                                                      9.4.0-1                                            alpm          
nodejs                                                                        20.5.0-1                                           alpm          
nodejs-nopt                                                                   7.2.0-1                                            alpm          
nopt                                                                          7.2.0                                              npm           
normalize-package-data                                                        5.0.0                                              npm           
npm                                                                           9.8.1                                              npm           
npm                                                                           9.8.1-1                                            alpm          
npm-audit-report                                                              5.0.0                                              npm           
npm-bundled                                                                   3.0.0                                              npm           
npm-install-checks                                                            6.1.1                                              npm           
npm-normalize-package-bin                                                     3.0.1                                              npm           
npm-package-arg                                                               10.1.0                                             npm           
npm-packlist                                                                  7.0.4                                              npm           
npm-pick-manifest                                                             8.0.1                                              npm           
npm-profile                                                                   7.0.1                                              npm           
npm-registry-fetch                                                            14.0.5                                             npm           
npm-user-validate                                                             2.0.0                                              npm           
npmlog                                                                        6.0.2                                              npm           
npmlog                                                                        7.0.1                                              npm           
npth                                                                          1.6-4                                              alpm          
nspr                                                                          4.35-1                                             alpm          
nss                                                                           3.92-1                                             alpm          
numactl                                                                       2.0.16-1                                           alpm          
ocl-icd                                                                       2.3.2-1                                            alpm          
once                                                                          1.4.0                                              npm           
oniguruma                                                                     6.9.8-1                                            alpm          
opencore-amr                                                                  0.1.6-1                                            alpm          
openexr                                                                       3.1.10-1                                           alpm          
openjpeg2                                                                     2.5.0-2                                            alpm          
openmpi                                                                       4.1.5-2                                            alpm          
openpmix                                                                      4.2.3-2                                            alpm          
openssh                                                                       9.3p2-1                                            alpm          
openssl                                                                       3.1.2-1                                            alpm          
opus                                                                          1.4-1                                              alpm          
orc                                                                           0.4.34-1                                           alpm          
p-map                                                                         4.0.0                                              npm           
p11-kit                                                                       0.25.0-1                                           alpm          
packaging                                                                     23.1                                               python        
pacman                                                                        6.0.2-7                                            alpm          
pacman-mirrorlist                                                             20230628-1                                         alpm          
pacote                                                                        15.2.0                                             npm           
pam                                                                           1.5.3-3                                            alpm          
pambase                                                                       20221020-1                                         alpm          
pango                                                                         1:1.50.14-1                                        alpm          
parse-conflict-json                                                           3.0.1                                              npm           
path-is-absolute                                                              1.0.1                                              npm           
path-key                                                                      3.1.1                                              npm           
path-scurry                                                                   1.9.2                                              npm           
pciutils                                                                      3.10.0-1                                           alpm          
pcre2                                                                         10.42-2                                            alpm          
perl                                                                          5.38.0-1                                           alpm          
perl-error                                                                    0.17029-5                                          alpm          
perl-image-exiftool                                                           12.60-3                                            alpm          
perl-mailtools                                                                2.21-7                                             alpm          
perl-timedate                                                                 2.33-5                                             alpm          
pexpect                                                                       4.8.0                                              python        
php                                                                           8.2.9-1                                            alpm          
php-cli                                                                       8.2.9                                              binary        
pinentry                                                                      1.2.1-1                                            alpm          
pip                                                                           23.2.1                                             python        
pixman                                                                        0.42.2-1                                           alpm          
pkginfo                                                                       1.9.6                                              python        
platformdirs                                                                  3.9.1                                              python        
ply                                                                           3.11                                               python        
poetry                                                                        1.5.1                                              python        
poetry-core                                                                   1.6.1                                              python        
poetry-plugin-export                                                          1.3.0                                              python        
popt                                                                          1.19-1                                             alpm          
portaudio                                                                     1:19.7.0-2                                         alpm          
postcss-selector-parser                                                       6.0.13                                             npm           
postgresql-libs                                                               15.3-5                                             alpm          
proc-log                                                                      3.0.0                                              npm           
process                                                                       0.11.10                                            npm           
procps-ng                                                                     4.0.3-1                                            alpm          
promise-all-reject-late                                                       1.0.1                                              npm           
promise-call-limit                                                            1.0.2                                              npm           
promise-inflight                                                              1.0.1                                              npm           
promise-retry                                                                 2.0.1                                              npm           
promzard                                                                      1.0.0                                              npm           
psmisc                                                                        23.6-1                                             alpm          
ptyprocess                                                                    0.7.0                                              python        
pycparser                                                                     2.21                                               python        
pyproject_hooks                                                               1.0.0                                              python        
pyrsistent                                                                    0.19.3                                             python        
python                                                                        3.11.3                                             binary        
python                                                                        3.11.3-2                                           alpm          
python-attrs                                                                  22.2.0-3                                           alpm          
python-build                                                                  0.10.0-4                                           alpm          
python-cachecontrol                                                           1:0.13.1-1                                         alpm          
python-cachy                                                                  0.3.0-9                                            alpm          
python-cffi                                                                   1.15.1-3                                           alpm          
python-chardet                                                                5.2.0-1                                            alpm          
python-cleo                                                                   2.0.1-4                                            alpm          
python-crashtest                                                              0.4.1-2                                            alpm          
python-cryptography                                                           41.0.2-1                                           alpm          
python-distlib                                                                0.3.6-3                                            alpm          
python-dulwich                                                                0.21.5-1                                           alpm          
python-filelock                                                               3.12.2-1                                           alpm          
python-html5lib                                                               1.1-12                                             alpm          
python-idna                                                                   3.4-3                                              alpm          
python-importlib-metadata                                                     5.0.0-5                                            alpm          
python-installer                                                              0.7.0-3                                            alpm          
python-jaraco.classes                                                         3.3.0-1                                            alpm          
python-jeepney                                                                0.8.0-2                                            alpm          
python-jsonschema                                                             4.18.4-1                                           alpm          
python-jsonschema-specifications                                              2023.7.1-1                                         alpm          
python-keyring                                                                24.2.0-1                                           alpm          
python-lark-parser                                                            1.1.5-4                                            alpm          
python-lockfile                                                               0.12.2-12                                          alpm          
python-more-itertools                                                         10.0.1-1                                           alpm          
python-msgpack                                                                1.0.5-1                                            alpm          
python-packaging                                                              23.1-1                                             alpm          
python-pexpect                                                                4.8.0-7                                            alpm          
python-pip                                                                    23.2.1-1                                           alpm          
python-pkginfo                                                                1.9.6-2                                            alpm          
python-platformdirs                                                           3.9.1-1                                            alpm          
python-ply                                                                    3.11-12                                            alpm          
python-poetry                                                                 1.5.1-1                                            alpm          
python-poetry-core                                                            1.6.1-1                                            alpm          
python-poetry-plugin-export                                                   1.3.0-3                                            alpm          
python-ptyprocess                                                             0.7.0-5                                            alpm          
python-pycparser                                                              2.21-5                                             alpm          
python-pyproject-hooks                                                        1.0.0-5                                            alpm          
python-pyrsistent                                                             0.19.3-3                                           alpm          
python-rapidfuzz                                                              3.1.2-1                                            alpm          
python-referencing                                                            0.30.0-1                                           alpm          
python-requests                                                               2.28.2-4                                           alpm          
python-requests-toolbelt                                                      1.0.0-1                                            alpm          
python-rpds-py                                                                0.9.2-1                                            alpm          
python-secretstorage                                                          3.3.3-2                                            alpm          
python-shellingham                                                            1.5.0.post1-4                                      alpm          
python-six                                                                    1.16.0-8                                           alpm          
python-tomlkit                                                                0.11.8-2                                           alpm          
python-trove-classifiers                                                      2023.8.7-1                                         alpm          
python-typing_extensions                                                      4.7.1-1                                            alpm          
python-urllib3                                                                1.26.15-1                                          alpm          
python-virtualenv                                                             20.21.0-1                                          alpm          
python-webencodings                                                           0.5.1-10                                           alpm          
python-wheel                                                                  0.40.0-3                                           alpm          
python-zipp                                                                   3.16.1-1                                           alpm          
qemu-audio-spice                                                              8.0.3-1                                            alpm          
qemu-base                                                                     8.0.3-1                                            alpm          
qemu-block-curl                                                               8.0.3-1                                            alpm          
qemu-block-dmg                                                                8.0.3-1                                            alpm          
qemu-block-nfs                                                                8.0.3-1                                            alpm          
qemu-block-ssh                                                                8.0.3-1                                            alpm          
qemu-chardev-spice                                                            8.0.3-1                                            alpm          
qemu-common                                                                   8.0.3-1                                            alpm          
qemu-hw-display-qxl                                                           8.0.3-1                                            alpm          
qemu-hw-display-virtio-gpu                                                    8.0.3-1                                            alpm          
qemu-hw-display-virtio-gpu-gl                                                 8.0.3-1                                            alpm          
qemu-hw-display-virtio-gpu-pci                                                8.0.3-1                                            alpm          
qemu-hw-display-virtio-gpu-pci-gl                                             8.0.3-1                                            alpm          
qemu-hw-display-virtio-vga                                                    8.0.3-1                                            alpm          
qemu-hw-display-virtio-vga-gl                                                 8.0.3-1                                            alpm          
qemu-hw-s390x-virtio-gpu-ccw                                                  8.0.3-1                                            alpm          
qemu-hw-usb-host                                                              8.0.3-1                                            alpm          
qemu-hw-usb-redirect                                                          8.0.3-1                                            alpm          
qemu-hw-usb-smartcard                                                         8.0.3-1                                            alpm          
qemu-img                                                                      8.0.3-1                                            alpm          
qemu-pr-helper                                                                8.0.3-1                                            alpm          
qemu-system-x86                                                               8.0.3-1                                            alpm          
qemu-system-x86-firmware                                                      8.0.3-1                                            alpm          
qemu-tools                                                                    8.0.3-1                                            alpm          
qemu-ui-curses                                                                8.0.3-1                                            alpm          
qemu-ui-opengl                                                                8.0.3-1                                            alpm          
qemu-ui-spice-app                                                             8.0.3-1                                            alpm          
qemu-ui-spice-core                                                            8.0.3-1                                            alpm          
qrcode-terminal                                                               0.12.0                                             npm           
rapidfuzz                                                                     3.1.2                                              python        
rav1e                                                                         0.6.6-1                                            alpm          
re2                                                                           1:20230301-1                                       alpm          
read                                                                          2.1.0                                              npm           
read-cmd-shim                                                                 4.0.0                                              npm           
read-package-json                                                             6.0.4                                              npm           
read-package-json-fast                                                        3.0.2                                              npm           
readable-stream                                                               3.6.2                                              npm           
readable-stream                                                               4.4.0                                              npm           
readline                                                                      8.2.001-2                                          alpm          
referencing                                                                   0.30.0                                             python        
requests                                                                      2.28.2                                             python        
requests-toolbelt                                                             1.0.0                                              python        
retry                                                                         0.12.0                                             npm           
rimraf                                                                        3.0.2                                              npm           
rpds-py                                                                       0.9.2                                              python        
runc                                                                          1.1.8-1                                            alpm          
rust                                                                          1:1.71.1-1                                         alpm          
safe-buffer                                                                   5.2.1                                              npm           
safer-buffer                                                                  2.1.2                                              npm           
sdl2                                                                          2.28.2-1                                           alpm          
seabios                                                                       1.16.2-1                                           alpm          
sed                                                                           4.9-3                                              alpm          
semver                                                                        7.5.0                                              npm           
semver                                                                        7.5.0-1                                            alpm          
set-blocking                                                                  2.0.0                                              npm           
shadow                                                                        4.13-2                                             alpm          
shared-mime-info                                                              2.2+13+ga2ffb28-1                                  alpm          
shebang-command                                                               2.0.0                                              npm           
shebang-regex                                                                 3.0.0                                              npm           
shellingham                                                                   1.5.0.post1                                        python        
signal-exit                                                                   3.0.7                                              npm           
signal-exit                                                                   4.0.2                                              npm           
sigs.k8s.io/json                                                              v0.0.0-20220713155537-f223a00ba0e2                 go-module     
sigs.k8s.io/structured-merge-diff/v4                                          v4.2.3                                             go-module     
sigs.k8s.io/yaml                                                              v1.3.0                                             go-module     
sigstore                                                                      1.7.0                                              npm           
six                                                                           1.16.0                                             python        
smart-buffer                                                                  4.2.0                                              npm           
snappy                                                                        1.1.9-2                                            alpm          
socks                                                                         2.7.1                                              npm           
socks-proxy-agent                                                             7.0.0                                              npm           
spdx-correct                                                                  3.2.0                                              npm           
spdx-exceptions                                                               2.3.0                                              npm           
spdx-expression-parse                                                         3.0.1                                              npm           
spdx-license-ids                                                              3.0.13                                             npm           
speex                                                                         1.2.1-1                                            alpm          
speexdsp                                                                      1.2.1-1                                            alpm          
spice                                                                         0.15.2-1                                           alpm          
spice-protocol                                                                0.14.4-1                                           alpm          
sqlite                                                                        3.42.0-1                                           alpm          
srt                                                                           1.5.2-1                                            alpm          
ssri                                                                          10.0.4                                             npm           
string-width                                                                  4.2.3                                              npm           
string-width                                                                  5.1.2                                              npm           
string_decoder                                                                1.3.0                                              npm           
strip-ansi                                                                    6.0.1                                              npm           
strip-ansi                                                                    7.1.0                                              npm           
supports-color                                                                9.4.0                                              npm           
svt-av1                                                                       1.6.0-1                                            alpm          
systemd                                                                       254-1                                              alpm          
systemd-libs                                                                  254-1                                              alpm          
systemd-sysvcompat                                                            254-1                                              alpm          
tar                                                                           1.35-1                                             alpm          
tar                                                                           6.1.15                                             npm           
text-table                                                                    0.2.0                                              npm           
tiny-relative-date                                                            1.3.0                                              npm           
tomlkit                                                                       0.11.8                                             python        
tpm2-tss                                                                      4.0.1-1                                            alpm          
tracker3                                                                      3.5.3-2                                            alpm          
treeverse                                                                     3.0.0                                              npm           
trove-classifiers                                                             2023.8.8                                           python        
ttf-liberation                                                                2.1.5-1                                            alpm          
tuf-js                                                                        1.1.7                                              npm           
turbojpeg                                                                                                                        java-archive  
typing_extensions                                                             4.7.1                                              python        
tzdata                                                                        2023c-2                                            alpm          
unique-filename                                                               3.0.0                                              npm           
unique-slug                                                                   4.0.0                                              npm           
unzip                                                                         6.0-19                                             alpm          
urllib3                                                                       1.26.15                                            python        
usbredir                                                                      0.13.0-1                                           alpm          
util-deprecate                                                                1.0.2                                              npm           
util-linux                                                                    2.39.1-1                                           alpm          
util-linux-libs                                                               2.39.1-1                                           alpm          
v4l-utils                                                                     1.24.1-2                                           alpm          
validate-npm-package-license                                                  3.0.4                                              npm           
validate-npm-package-name                                                     5.0.0                                              npm           
vde2                                                                          2.3.3-3                                            alpm          
vid.stab                                                                      1.1.1-1                                            alpm          
virglrenderer                                                                 0.10.4-1                                           alpm          
virtiofsd                                                                     1.7.0-1                                            alpm          
virtualenv                                                                    20.21.0                                            python        
vmaf                                                                          2.3.1-1                                            alpm          
vulkan-icd-loader                                                             1.3.255-1                                          alpm          
walk-up-path                                                                  3.0.1                                              npm           
wayland                                                                       1.22.0-1                                           alpm          
wcwidth                                                                       1.0.1                                              npm           
webencodings                                                                  0.5.1                                              python        
wheel                                                                         0.40.0                                             python        
which                                                                         2.0.2                                              npm           
which                                                                         3.0.1                                              npm           
wide-align                                                                    1.1.5                                              npm           
woff2                                                                         1.0.2-4                                            alpm          
wolfssl                                                                       5.6.3-3                                            alpm          
wrap-ansi                                                                     7.0.0                                              npm           
wrap-ansi                                                                     8.1.0                                              npm           
wrappy                                                                        1.0.2                                              npm           
write-file-atomic                                                             5.0.1                                              npm           
x264                                                                          3:0.164.r3095.baee400-4                            alpm          
x265                                                                          3.5-3                                              alpm          
xcb-proto                                                                     1.15.2-3                                           alpm          
xdg-utils                                                                     1.1.3+25+g8ae0263-1                                alpm          
xkeyboard-config                                                              2.39-1                                             alpm          
xorg-xprop                                                                    1.2.6-1                                            alpm          
xorg-xset                                                                     1.2.5-1                                            alpm          
xorgproto                                                                     2023.2-1                                           alpm          
xvidcore                                                                      1.3.7-2                                            alpm          
xz                                                                            5.4.4-1                                            alpm          
yallist                                                                       4.0.0                                              npm           
zimg                                                                          3.0.5-1                                            alpm          
zipp                                                                          3.16.1                                             python        
zlib                                                                          1:1.2.13-3                                         alpm          
zstd                                                                          1.5.5-1                                            alpm          
